feat(open-webui): init (#219)
juspay/services-flake: doc/open-webui.md

# Open WebUI

> [Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui) is a user-friendly WebUI for LLMs (Formerly Ollama WebUI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Open WebUI](https://github.com/open-webui/open-webui) is a user-friendly WebUI for LLMs. It supports various LLM runners, including [[ollama]] and OpenAI-compatible APIs.
```

{#start}
## Getting Started

```nix
# In `perSystem.process-compose.<name>`
{
  services.open-webui."ow1".enable = true;
}
```

## Examples

{#ollama}

> ### Open WebUI with ollama backend

Reviewer: This section should link to `ollama.md` in some fashion.

```nix
{
  services.open-webui."ow1" = {
    enable = true;

>     environment.OLLAMA_API_BASE_URL = "http://localhost:11434";

Reviewer: We should try to avoid hardcoding wherever we can (it can also be self-documenting):

```suggestion
    environment.OLLAMA_API_BASE_URL = let ollama = config.services.ollama.ollama1; in "http://${cfg.output.settings.environment.OLLAMA_HOST}";
```

(Untested code ^)

https://github.com/juspay/services-flake/blob/76f6081f51d8884b7d3196dbb45e8f8a11417a53/nix/ollama.nix#L110

Reviewer: @shivaraj-bh This conversation is marked as resolved but the diff still shows `"http://localhost:11434"` for me?

  };
  services.ollama."ollama1".enable = true;
}
```

{#browser}
## Open browser on startup

```nix
{
  services.open-webui."ow1".enable = true;
  settings.processes.open-browser = {
    command = pkgs.writeShellApplication {
      name = "open-browser";
      runtimeInputs = lib.optionals pkgs.stdenv.isLinux [ pkgs.xdg-utils ] [ ];
      text = ''

>         ${ if pkgs.stdenv.isLinux then "xdg-open http://127.0.0.1:1111" else "" }

Reviewer: Same comment about hardcoding here ^
